How do I find the counter culture?
I’m not really sure how I feel about being referred to as lil bitch. Kinda has a ring to it.
I forgot that nursing is just this whole community of single women.
I’m glad that I don’t have those magic powers cause they really have more downsides than good sides.
I just think it’s a negative thing to get into, trying to hurt people.
I don’t think you can do good things to a voodoo doll.
I would like a cooler, it'll make me cooler.
It's kind of rude to just disconnect someone's speaker isn't it?
Ahhhhhh. I was in Workplace, that’s why I couldn’t find my bot.
Finally figured out GET requests so now the joshbot is at full functionality. Pls message me your feature requests friends.
Pro tip: don't buy a coat when it's winter and starts getting cold. Wait a couple months for the black friday sales #fashion #finance
If you don’t write your ideas on yellow post-its and decorate your house with them, are they really even good ideas?
Because I played Age Of Empires as a child, I am now the Chief Strategy Officer at an international software company. #itsawonder #wololo #nutrigrain #joshman
If you were the first person on earth, what word would you try to create first? I am going with "you".
There shouldn't be a stigma about going to the movies alone, I do it all the time. The activity where you can't talk to someone should be the one you can do alone.
Tinder is the opposite of porn site advertisements. There actually are a ton of hot singles in my area, but none of them are interested in me.
I bought a new chair for the Chicago residence (Aldi, $59.00) , but I think I am appreciating the box it came in more so far.
I had a dream I was lying down in front of a room full of students telling them about SAAS products. I was just lying there yelling "everyone should use Crunchboards!"
I had a dream I was lying down in front of a room full of students telling them about SAAS products. I was just lying there yelling "everyone should use Crunchboards!"
Why do Samsung have tablets? I can't even fit them in my mouth.
Breadcrumbs are the dandruff of the food world.
Why is all my things so shit.
You could easily fit 500 people in here.
Hi kids, my name is Josh and I work here at K-Mart. We've got lots of fun things to play with, unfortunately, your mum and dad's trolley isn't one of them.
My local Radio Rentals shop is closing down. Any suggestions for where I should rent my radios from now?
The great thing about the cloud is that when you run out of laptop battery you can just buy a new one and all your data is still there.
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me.
Do not, I repeat DO NOT search for 'joshman' on google images. You have been warned.
I just don't think I would have made it as Jesus.
Nobody could call me so I disconnected all of my friends phones. If your phone is still connected you're not my friend.
I'm am opinion leader. That's why I get free red bull.
I just met Nick, I didn't know Nick but he knew me from this page. Congratulations everyone, we have gone viral.
I love weekends because I can work on work without doing any work.
Nobody loves me.
Do they not eat desert in Korea?
I don't like happiness.
Are coconuts a thing? Yes, therefore I am an expert on them.
He told me to let me know if I have any more ideas. I have fucktons of ideas, he's really going to regret that.
I don't know... I just feel braver when I'm eating Subway.
Did you know that KFC stands for Keen For Chicken???????
I think I'm going to find some new Chrome extensions tonight.
She's just so pleased that Jesus has risen, that she goes around giving me money.
I am telling people at university of SA where their book shop is. I've really blended in fast.
I really need to come up with a better strategy for lunch, than just not eating it.
This stupid ham needs scissors. Who has scissors when you want ham?
I think Christmas was just invented by Big W to sell more cards.
The more monitors you have plugged in, the more powerful you are destined to be.
I read about conspiracy theories of people who run the world so I can learn how to run the world. #whorunstheworld #joshman
Did you know there is another half of Malaysia? #geography
Thick crust pizza makes me sleepy.
I reckon I walk at least 30% faster than the speed Google maps uses to calculate a walking rout .
I went as myself to a superhero dress up party because I consider my self as a superhero.
I am not a fan of how so many of your Facebook comments seem to be aimed at ridiculing me.
I think we should make an infographic of something.
I propose that more props be used when propositioning proposals regarding propriety property. Apropos of this propaganda I propose more propane.
I don't think we are going to be able to do this with just five pillars. Every time you use a pillar you need to add another pillar. Share if you agree.
Don't be stupid, never play cupid. #romance #love
76.8 % of you realise that socialism is the root of all feral kat related issues #thatswhatsup
I don't need a last name. I already have two first names.
Just to clarify, this page is not a cash for comment type thing. I won't accept money to promote any online deals.
I think I need a new nickname. Do people prefer Joshman or Joshy?
Why are you calling me from a private number? Are you trying to trick me into answering.
I would highly recommend getting a Google Chrome book. They turn on in less than 10 seconds which means I can tell people about my opinions with minimum delay.
You know what I'm opposed to? Sink strainers.
I feel like much more of a wanker than usual when I'm wearing my watch with a short sleeve shirt. #watchout
To be honest, if I don't know it, the probability of no one else knowing it is quite high.
Fast computers are overrated. Give me a good old fashioned laggy typewriter any day.
There are two types of people in this world. People who don't cheat at board games, and Tasmin.
The more tabs you have open, the more work you are getting done.
I thought I was wrong once. Turns out the universe was still catching up.
If you live in a glass house, get changed in the basement.
We really just could have won this game if we didn’t get so few runs
I don’t think getting into a relationship with a country musician is a good idea. They are trying to get into bad relationships so they can write about them. Though, I do tend to have bad relationships.
I renamed the tabs in my terminal and now I look so much more legit
What are abs? Maybe it’s brisket.
I think all the drama about being homeless is a bit overdone.
I really like that sufjan Stevens Chicago song. It almost makes you think Chicago won’t be horrendous.
When you look at someone’s face it’s hard to measure it.